Add docs for two new plugins (#54)
wooorm/xdm: readme.md

format of that meta string is, so it defaults to how markdown handles it: `meta`
is ignored.

> [`remark-mdx-code-meta`](https://github.com/remarkjs/remark-mdx-code-meta) can
> be used to interpret code `meta` as JSX props syntax.
> 
> It’s also possible to write a custom plugin to interpret the `meta` however you
> want.
> For example, it’s possible to pass that string as a prop by writing a rehype
> plugin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The quick answer is:
use [`remark-mdx-code-meta`](https://github.com/remarkjs/remark-mdx-code-meta),
it lets you type JSX attributes in the `meta` field and exposes them on the
`pre` component.

Or you can do it yourself, however you want, by writing a custom plugin to
interpret the `meta` field.
For example, it’s possible to pass that string as a prop by writing a rehype
plugin:
```

I think something like this reads better, and signals more clearly that they are alternatives
